---
layout: post
title: Release Ready Game Time
category: blog
excerpt: It's Go Time!
author: Hanzalah Ravat
---

## Here We Go

We are proud to announce the release of Cops And Robbers on Android and the availability of early betas for Desktop. This update, marked as v3.0.0 brings a plethora of changes and new features to enhance the gaming experience.

### Camera Zoom Feature
Since we had to remove the minimap in favour of lighting when moving to the Universal Render Pipeline, we found a gaping hole in the gameplay as the field of view became severely limited. We have now implemented a brand-new feature which allows you to temporarily increase the field of view to see more of the map.

### Downloads

You are now able to download the game from our website or from the repository download page. The website has an OS detection script which will automatically download the correct version for your platform. This means that if you are on Windows, the script will download the Windows Release or if you are on Android it will download the APK. If you want to play the complete verison, we would recommend downloading the Android Version from [here]({{site.baseurl}}/download/download-options/).

### Desktop Progress

Desktop Development is coming along well and is almost at feature-parity with the Mobile Version although some bugs are known. As a result, we have decided to push-back desktop release for a while and push the mobile version for the time being. We strongly hope you will be able to experience Cops And Robbers from your desktop in the near future.
